Upmerge 21 04 2021 kernel docs (#4435)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

.. NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: The latest Zephyr commit appears in multiple places; make sure you update them all.

The Zephyr fork in |NCS| (``sdk-zephyr``) contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``8e1cfe9a46``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

For a complete list of upstream Zephyr commits incorporated into |NCS| since the most recent release, run the following command from the :file:`ncs/zephyr` repository (after running ``west update``):

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline 8e1cfe9a46 ^v2.4.99-ncs1

For a complete list of |NCS| specific commits, run:

.. code-block:: none

>    git log --oneline manifest-rev ^8e1cfe9a46

Reviewer: Thanks! :smile:

    * Updated the nRF UARTE driver to wait for the transmitter to go idle before powering down the UARTE peripheral in asynchronous mode.
    * Fixed the power down routine in the nRF UARTE driver. Now the RX interrupt is properly disabled.
    * Clarified the meaning of the ``timeout`` parameter of the :c:func:`uart_rx_enable` API function.

> v

Reviewer: typo?

Author: > typo?

Fixed

  * Merged a new work queue implementation.
    See `this comment <kwork API changes_>`_ for details on the API changes.

>   * :c:func:`k_sem_init` users should now provide :c:macro:`K_SEM_MAX_LIMIT` as the limit value of semaphores that do not have explicit maximum limits and are instead just used for counting.
>     This is meant as a replacement for using ``UINT_MAX``.
>   * The :option:`CONFIG_THREAD_MONITOR` and :option:`CONFIG_THREAD_NAME` options are no longer marked experimental.
>   * The deprecated ``k_mem_domain_destroy`` and ``k_mem_domain_remove_thread`` APIs have been removed.
>   * :c:func:`device_usable_check` and :c:func:`device_is_ready` can now be called from userspace.

Reviewer 2: We need a common style for all entries here, and this is "Did XYZ.". So:

```suggestion
  * Added a :c:macro:`K_SEM_MAX_LIMIT` define that users should provide in :c:func:`k_sem_init` as the limit value of semaphores that do not have explicit maximum limits and are instead just used for counting.
    This is meant as a replacement for using ``UINT_MAX``.
  * Moved the :option:`CONFIG_THREAD_MONITOR` and :option:`CONFIG_THREAD_NAME` options from experimental to production quality.
  * Removed the deprecated ``k_mem_domain_destroy`` and ``k_mem_domain_remove_thread`` APIs.
  * Updated the :c:func:`device_usable_check` and :c:func:`device_is_ready` functions so that they can be called from user space.
```

Author: > We need a common style for all entries here, and this is "Did XYZ.". So:

applied
